“Launch and learn. Everything is progress.” - Danielle LaPorte
“You take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing, no one to blame.” - Erica Jong
“As you think, so shall you become.” - Bruce Lee
“A hero is one who knows how to hang on for one minute longer.” - Norwegian proverb
“Failure is success if you learn from it.” - Unknown
“Courage isn't the absence of fear, but an urgent impulse to do something despite fear.” - Grant Cardone
“Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.” - Carl Jung
“Be the friend you wish you had.” - Unknown
“Your greatest dreams are all on the other side of the wall of fear and caution.” - Unknown
“If you have everything under control, you’re not moving fast enough.” - Mario Andretti
“The only way to learn it is to do it.” - Archimedes, "Sword in the Stone"
“You can be happy or you can be unhappy. It's just according to the way you look at things.” - Walt Disney
“Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live.” - Jim Rohn
“Don't allow your rituals to become ruts.” - Todd Henry
“Do or do not, there is no try.” - Yoda
“You cannot start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading the last one.” - Michael McMillan
“I can accept failure. Everyone fails at something. But I can’t accept not trying.” - Michael Jordan
“Once a year, go some place you've never been before.” - Dalai Lama
“The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle.” - Steve Jobs
“Everyone you will ever meet knows something you don't.” - Bill Nye
“Let go of those who bring you down and surround yourself with those who bring out the best in you.” - Unknown
“This is the real secret to life—to be completely engaged with what you are doing in the here and now. And instead of calling it work, realize it is play.” - Alan Watts
“Don't think about what might go wrong, think about what could be right.” - Unknown
“It's a job that's never started that takes the longest to finish.” - J.R.R. Tolkien
“A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events, and outcomes.” - Wade Boggs
“Creativity is intelligence having fun.” - Albert Einstein
“It doesn't matter where you start. Only that you begin.” - Robin Sharma
“It's up to you how far you go. If you don't try, you'll never know!” - Merlin, "Sword in the Stone"
“The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old but on building the new.” - Dan Millman
“Make sure your worst enemy doesn't live between your two ears.” - Laird Hamilton
“Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting.” - Napoleon Hill
“Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.” - Pablo Picasso
“Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.” - Jim Rohn
“If one dream should fall and break into a thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again.” - Flavia Weedn
“The world breaks everyone and afterward many are strong at the broken places.” - Ernest Hemingway
“Fear leads to self-doubt which is the worst enemy of creativity.” - David Ogilvy
“Good ideas are always crazy until they’re not.” - Larry Page
“A ship in harbor is safe — but that is not what ships are built for.” - John A. Shedd
“A goal without a plan is only a wish.” - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
“When you’re curious, you find lots of interesting things to do.” - Walt Disney
“If you focus on what you left behind, then how can you see what lies ahead?” - Chef Gusteau, "Ratatouille"
“Be yourself. Everyone else is already taken.” - Oscar Wilde
“Whatever you think you can do or believe you can do, begin it. Action has magic, grace, and power in it.” - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
“Whatever you hold in your mind on a consistent basis is exactly what you will experience in your life.” - Tony Robbins
“If you are still looking for that one person who will change your life, take a look in the mirror.” - Roman Price
“Use only that which works, and take it from any place you can find it.” - Bruce Lee
“People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.” - Maya Angelou
“There is no small act of kindness. Every compassionate act makes large the world.” - Mary Anne Radmacher
“Don't envy what people have, emulate what they did to have it.” - Tim Fargo
“Believe in yourself.” - Unknown
“Hejsan”
“Today I will do what others won't, so tomorrow I can do what others can't.” - Jerry Rice
“You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them.” - Michael Jordan
“Forget the mistakes of the past and press on to the greater achievements of the future.” - Norman Vincent Peale
“We grow fearless when we do the things we fear.” - Robin Sharma
“Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it.” - René Descartes
“Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.” - Mother Teresa
“If my mind can conceive it and my heart can believe it, then I can achieve it.” - Muhammad Ali
“Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone.” - Alan Watts
“Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith.” - Steve Jobs
“Deciding what not to do is as important as deciding what to do.” - Steve Jobs
“The struggle you're in today is developing the strength you need for tomorrow.” - Unknown
“Never underestimate your problem or your ability to deal with it.” - Robert Schuller
“Kindness is the sunshine in which virtue grows.” - Robert Green Ingersoll
“You never know how strong you are, until being strong is your only choice.” - Bob Marley
“Everything you can imagine is real.” - Pablo Picasso
“Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are.” - Unknown
“Some of us think holding on makes us strong, but sometimes it is letting go.” - Hermann Hesse
“What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make.” - Jane Goodall
“If you want something you've never had, you must be willing to do something you've never done.” - Unknown
“If you want to fly, you have to give up everything that weighs you down.” - Toni Morrison
“The best way out is always through.” - Robert Frost
“Do not wish for an easy life. Wish for the strength to endure a difficult one.” - Bruce Lee
“Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.” - Robert Louis Stevenson
“When you talk, you are only repeating what you already know. But if you listen, you may learn something new.” - Dalai Lama
“If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.” - Bruce Lee
“Being aware of a single shortcoming within yourself is far more useful than being aware of a thousand in someone else.” - Dalai Lama
“Some people make your laugh a little louder, your smile a little brighter and your life a little better. Try to be one of those people.” - Unknown
“Don’t let mental blocks control you. Set yourself free. Confront your fear and turn the mental blocks into building blocks.” - Dr Roopleen
“Rise above the storm and you will find the sunshine.” - Mario Fernandez
“Don't let the success of others discourage you. Let it inspire you.” - Unknown
“Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.” - Seneca
“When you see a person without a smile, give them one of yours.” - Zig Ziglar
“The greatest project you'll ever work on is you.” - Unknown
“If you really believe in what you're doing, work hard, take nothing personally and if something blocks one route, find another. Never give up.” - Laurie Notaro
“The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.” - Lao Tzu
“Make each day your masterpiece.” - John Wooden
“Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!” - Audrey Hepburn
“A smooth sea never made a skillful sailor.” - Proverb
“Always do what you are afraid to do.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
“You don't have to live your life the way other people expect you to.” - Chris Guillebeau
“You often feel tired, not because you've done too much, but because you've done too little of what sparks a light in you.” - Unknown
“Without new experiences, something inside of us sleeps. The sleeper must awaken.” - Frank Herbert
“I've learned that you shouldn't go through life with a catcher's mitt on both hands; you need to be able to throw something back.” - Maya Angelou
“To understand and be understood, those are among life’s greatest gifts, and every interaction is an opportunity to exchange them.” - Maria Popova
“The smallest deed is better than the greatest intention.” - John Burroughs
“We tend to judge others by their behavior, and ourselves by our intentions.” - Unknown
“Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future.” - Earl Nightingale
“The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities.” - Stephen Covey
“Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them.” - Marcus Aurelius
“Let go of the thoughts that don't make you strong.” - Unknown
“Acknowledging the good that you already have in your life is the foundation for all abundance.” - Eckhart Tolle
“The privilege of a lifetime is being who you are.” - Joseph Campbell
“Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.” - Howard W. Newton
“Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
“There is no passion to be found playing small, in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.” - Nelson Mandela
“Go forth and make awesomeness.” - Unknown
“Your relationship with yourself sets the tone for every other relationship you have.” - Robert Holden
“You are what you do, not what you say you'll do.” - Carl Jung
“On your journey through life, make sure your biography has at least one extraordinary chapter.” - Unknown
“It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.” - E. E. Cummings
“Talent is a pursued interest. Anything that you're willing to practice, you can do.” - Bob Ross
“There are no foreign lands. It is the traveler only who is foreign.” - Robert Louis Stevenson
“It's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.” - Edward J. Stieglitz
“Be a practical dreamer, backed by action.” - Bruce Lee
“You can, you should, and if you’re brave enough to start, you will.” - Stephen King
“Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.” - Dalai Lama
“Nothing can dim the light which shines from within.” - Maya Angelou
“Whenever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision.” - Peter Drucker
“Knowing what must be done does away with fear.” - Rosa Parks
“The fear of death follows from the fear of life. One who lives life fully is prepared to die at any time.” - Mark Twain
“Nothing will bring you peace, you must bring yourself to it.” - Gant Laborde
“You can't be paralyzed by fear of failure or you will never push yourself.” - Arnold Schwarzenegger
“Always walk through life as if you have something new to learn and you will.” - Vernon Howard
“The patterns of our lives reveal us. Our habits measure us.” - Mary Oliver
“To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have.” - Unknown
“Sitting quietly, doing nothing, Spring comes, and the grass grows by itself.” - Zenrin Kushû
“The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation but your thoughts about it.” - Eckhart Tolle
“A wet person does not fear the rain.” - Unknown
“Define success on your own terms, achieve it by your own rules, and build a life you’re proud to live.” - Anne Sweeney
“Kindness is as important as knowledge.” - Megan Smith
“If you don't prioritize your life, someone else will.” - Greg McKeown
“Approach the game with no preset agendas and you'll probably come away surprised at your overall efforts.” - Phil Jackson
“Each day wake up and ask yourself what will make you feel most alive that day.” - Unknown
“There is virtue in work and there is virtue in rest. Use both and overlook neither.” - Alan Cohen
“Absorb what is useful. Discard what is not. Add what is uniquely your own.” - Bruce Lee
“Whether a thought is spoken or not, it is a real thing and has powers of reality.” - Frank Herbert
“If you cannot find peace within yourself, you will never find it anywhere else.” - Marvin Gaye
“If you can change your mind, you can change your life.” - William James
“The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.” - Chinese Proverb
“To reach your greatest potential you'll have to fight your greatest fears.” - Unknown
“Adventure is worthwhile in itself.” - Amelia Earhart
“Do one thing every day that scares you.” - Mary Schmich
“Don’t give up trying to do what you really want to do.” - Ella Fitzgerald
“Impossible is just a big word thrown around by small men and women who find it easier to live in the world they've been given than to explore the power they have to change it.” - Muhammad Ali
“Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you.” - Mary Lou Retton
“Practice the art of interpreting situations constructively.” - Unknown
“Your goals are the road maps that guide you and show you what is possible for your life.” - Les Brown
“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” - Theodore Roosevelt
“Whenever you are confronted with an opponent, conquer them with love.” - Mahatma Gandhi
“The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.” - Voltaire
“Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.” - Aristotle
“Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself. Do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.” - Bruce Lee
“Waste no more time arguing about what a good person should be. Be one.” - Marcus Aurelius
“Do the thing you think you cannot do.” - Eleanor Roosevelt
“It is time to shed the burdens of the past year and come up fresh and alive.” - Sadhguru
“You were not born a winner, and you were not born a loser. You are what you make yourself to be.” - Lou Holtz
“To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to be yourself.” - Thich Nhat Hanh
“You can feel sore tomorrow or you can feel sorry tomorrow. You choose.” - Unknown
“Do what you feel in your heart to be right. You’ll be criticized anyway.” - Eleanor Roosevelt
“Attitude is a choice. Think positive thoughts daily. Believe in yourself.” - Pat Summitt
“The best place to find a helping hand is at the end of your own arm.” - Swedish proverb
“To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.” - Confucius
“Knowing is not enough, we must apply. Willing is not enough, we must do.” - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
“If you want to be happy, set a goal that commands your thoughts, liberates your energy, and inspires your hopes.” - Andrew Carnegie
“I am strong because I've been weak. I am fearless because I've been afraid. I am wise because I've been foolish.” - Unknown
“Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.” - Henry Ford
“Do small things with great love.” - Mother Teresa
“It takes as much energy to wish as it does to plan.” - Eleanor Roosevelt
“Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.” - Neale Donald Walsch
“Believe you can and you're halfway there.” - Theodore Roosevelt
“Don't let someone who gave up on their dreams talk you out of going after yours.” - Zig Ziglar
“If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking.” - Unknown
“Laughter is the shortest distance between two people.” - Victor Borge
“Adventure may hurt you, but monotony will kill you.” - Unknown
“Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.” - Les Brown
“Whatever we plant in our subconscious mind and nourish with repetition and emotion will one day become reality.” - Earl Nightingale
“Live in the present and make it so beautiful that it’s worth remembering.” - Arnold H. Glasow
“First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.” - Epictetus
“It's not who you think you are that holds you back it's who you think you're not.” - Unknown
“What weakens us is feeling offended by the deeds and misdeeds of our fellow men and women. Our self-importance requires that we spend most of our lives offended by someone.” - Carlos Castaneda
“If you want to make your dreams come true, the first thing you have to do is wake up.” - J.M. Power
“Every person is a new door to a different world.” - Six Degrees of Separation
“The mind is everything. What you think you become.” - Buddha
“You don't have to see the whole staircase. Just take the first step.” - Martin Luther King
“Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.” - Mahatma Gandhi
“What makes you different or weird—that’s your strength.” - Meryl Streep
“You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.” - Zig Ziglar
“Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.” - Helen Keller
“Not having the best situation, but seeing the best in your situation is the key to happiness.” - Maria Forleo
“Choose a job you love and you will never have to work a day of your life.” - Unknown
“Slow progress is better than no progress.” - Anonymous
“Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action.” - Walter Anderson
“Of all the things that can boost emotions, motivation, and perceptions during a workday, the single most important is making progress in meaningful work.” - Teresa Amabile
“It's a helluva start, being able to recognize what makes you happy.” - Lucille Ball
“With realization of one's own potential and self-confidence in one's ability, one can build a better world.” - Dalai Lama
“The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity.” - Amelia Earhart
“You can't climb the ladder of success with your hands in your pockets.” - Arnold Schwarzenegger
“Everything around you that you call life was made up by people, and you can change it.” - Steve Jobs
“Give thanks for a little and you will find a lot.” - Hansa Proverb
“Stop managing your time. Start managing your focus.” - Robin Sharma
“Do more of what makes you happy.” - Carmel McConnell
“In any given moment we have two options: to step forward into growth or back into safety.” - Abraham Maslow
“Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude towards us.” - Earl Nightingale
“Simple can be harder than complex. You have to work hard to get your thinking clean to make it simple. But it’s worth it in the end, because once you get there you can move mountains.” - Steve Jobs
“The only way to do great work is to love the work you do.” - Steve Jobs
“Speak in such a way that others love to listen to you. Listen in such a way that others love to speak to you.” - Unknown
“Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.” - Unknown
“Always remember you are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think” - A. A. Milne
“The world is moving so fast that the person who says it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.” - Elbert Hubbard
“Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.” - Simone de Beauvoir
“Most people get ahead during the time that others waste.” - Henry Ford
“All great achievements require time.” - Maya Angelou
“A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at.” - Bruce Lee
“It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly. Do not mistake activity for achievement.” - Isocrates
“Once a year, go some place you've never been before.” - Unknown
“Detta är sista citatet innan citaten börjar om!” - Alve